feat: Update _index.md (#78)
YCloudYUSA/yusaopeny_docs: content/en/docs/development/Important-versions-for-upgrade-path/_index.md

- `10.3.0.1` - Drupal 10|9 release, before New Demo Content and Initial Replacement Paragraphs to Blocks for Native Layout Builder Experience
- **`10.3.1`** - Drupal 10|9 release, New Demo Content and Initial Replacement Paragraphs to Blocks for Native Layout Builder Experience. In this release we bumped a lot of dependencies to become up to date

> - 10.3.2 - Introduced new modules for date handling in Event CT which could cause some issues in upgrade path. If possible - update to this version during upgrading futher up.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- 10.3.2 - Introduced [recurring event support in the Event Content Type](https://www.drupal.org/project/ws_event/issues/3409162) which requires an automated migration between `date_range` and `smart_date` fields. If possible, update to this version during the upgrade process.
```

Reviewer: @podarok tweaking the language and linking to the change, otherwise good to go. Thanks!
